PART-A: Initially, we will need to figure out a reliable and efficient way to detect which chess piece moves from which square to which.
        We’re specifically looking for solutions that don’t involve computer vision, RFID, or magnetic sensors.
        Present your solution in the form of a detailed explanation of the mechanism with diagrams.  
--One of the method to do this task done is using pressure sensor grid mechanism beneath each square of the board.
  We build a grid of pressure sensors under each square of the chessboard.Each square has its own sensor that detects whether a 
  piece is placed on it (weight present) or removed (weight lifted) and all the chess piece have different weight so we can determine which 
  piece is present where.
  Scanning the pressure status before and after each move, we can determine the source and destination move after each turn
  we have assign the some pressure value to each square in chessboard to determine the how moves are made.
  first we assign(any) value to square where chesspiece are present initially to rreport pressure level then after when piece is moved from any
  assigned square its chnage can be recorded and we can decide from where it is moved and then finnally the pressure of the square where it is
  going to be placed is also change.in this way we can determine from which box to which box piece is moving using pressure sensor grid 
  addition to this we decide which piece is moving by the weigthof the piece which we use since all soldier piece are of same weight but
  other piece have diffrent values.
  Each sensor is part of a row and column connection.The microcontroller scans all sensors rapidly and compares pressure values.
  micocontroller used can be arduino which can store move history and other information about the move then display it onthe computer.

  p00 p01 p02 p03 p04 p05 p06 p07 
  ...
  ... 
  ...
  ...
  ...
  ...
  p70 .....                   p77

  each box detect different pressure value which is determine by the piece placed on the squrrebox and is detected by the sensors.

  Each sensor is normally open (no signal).

partB-Now, let’s assume you’ve chosen a mechanism to detect the movement of the pieces. To simplify the problem, 
      suppose this mechanism works such that each square outputs a signal of 1 when a piece is lifted from it—let’s define this event as an “activation.”
      Given that there are 64 squares on a chessboard, but our poor Arduino has only about 20 I/O pins, 
      how would you detect exactly which square has been activated using the minimum number of pins?
      Present your answer in the form of a detailed explanation of the solution with diagrams wherever necessary.
-- i dont have some much idea how to do that.












